come on come on
a seat like marcello calca pellegrino
thanks pilgrim a woman who did
an important choice 13 years ago e
still very satisfied satisfied
especially now that he has reached one of the
first among the greatest goals that yes
is placed in at least in the career and
now the anti ship command of you
well more than anything else he keeps her at baptism
his crew that his judge
main 19 June 2013 is a date
historical for the navy has 13
years since access to armed force one
woman takes command of a unit
Italian military naval
she and katia pilgrim 37 years of the
province of Lecce worn and pregnant
mind of vessel and shakes off
the label of re soldier jane his
ship and free his offshore factor
orders 60 men and only men from
crew arriving at 90 in
mission its policy the authority of the
degree depends on the capacity not from the
kind and derives from the right motivation
by the professionalism and pride of
a job that you live
the moment I think I gave it up
account if we wanted it was the moment in
which I signed the newspaper of binnacle
which said that at 08 00 of 19 June
I became the commander of this ship
the fact of being the first woman if
we wanted was always a coincidence
lived very naturally I am
become first an official student in
academy then I was a young man
official embarked this state a
young boss and now I'm a
so young commander is not there
distinction I can't say the woman e
the officer for me is one thing
versa
proof
I did and I'm doing my best for e
I was counting and hoping with my crew
to be able to work serenely to do them
work with a smile and all together
I can say that for now we are on the good side
Street
being a commander is not only
maneuvering a unit is not only
sign more or less important documents
and above all to manage people and da
these people who can give you
a lot you have to learn and be
able to bring out the best that
everyone can give you that too
very small to his contribution must
be given you must be able to do it to him
give just so you can carry on one
ship on a personal level
the goals are to succeed in
give value to the little time you can in the
our trade sometimes devote to
the family affection to your loved ones
so focus but how I try to do
every moment of my life on
quality and not the quantity that is one
of the most beautiful experiences I have ever had
done in my life in the navy
certainly the most beautiful in life there
they are many and vital different intensities
but I can say different emotions now
I must only advise you to live it to the full
to have fun as I've always been
said and not to waste even one
second
then what I will be after I will decide
at the last minute or someone the bike
but for me for what concerns me
having assigned her this ship and mine
trust and total wish a calm sea
and wind at your back